#summary Short and long term project development road map

= Introduction =

This will serve as a general plan for developers wishing to join in or already working on the project.

Learning from the past: http://faassen.n--tree.net/blog/view/weblog/2008/09/19/0

= Overview =

|| *Milestone* || *Description* ||
|| *0.1* (Mess Around) || First working state (now) ||
|| *0.2* || File Browser ||
|| *0.3* || Code editor, Image editor ||
|| *0.4* || Workspace ||
|| *0.5* || Configuration panel ||
|| *0.6* || Search & replace & other pluggable features ||
|| *0.7* || Subversion integration ||
|| *0.8* || Integrated diff support ||
|| *0.9* || Django Syntax highlight ||
|| *1.0* (Sun Shine) || First stable release ||


== Feature ideas (brainstorm) ==

 * *console*: Command line console
 * *image editor*: http://www.pixlr.com/editor/
 * *object explorer*: Explore template objects (how??)
 * *auto links*: Clickable path links (ex: clicking on base.html in  "{% extends "base.html" %}" would try to open it in editor.
 * *concurrent editing*: Like Google does with Wave and Docs (improbable)
 * *on site block editing*: When a administrator would navigate the website, some template magic would allow him to click on template blocks and edit them live on the site (most likely in a windowed editor).
 * *commit notification*: Setup and manage notification by email of commits
 * *multiple editors*: Support for multiple editors (like Bespin)
 * Django documentation integration (I've tried to generate it with epydoc and it generates 107mb of HTMl .. yikes).


= Detailed road map =

== 0.2 ==

In this version the focus will be to make the file browser secure and usable. It must also provide a clear and stable API and events to other plugins (ex; file open, rename, move, etc..).

= 0.3 = 

At this point the code editor should be stable. All features that does not feel rock solid will be removed until they do.

= 0.4 = 

The workspace should be fully functional and stable with standards features like split buffers, buffer resize, etc..

= 0.5 = 

A configuration panel will be introduced to hold editor's fine grained options .. I'm thinking about something like Firefox's _about:config_ .. sounds good ?

= 0.6 =

At this point some more "sugar" feature can be added to the editor.

= 0.7 =

SVN integration .. or Ronny Pfannschmidt suggested using *anyvc* to abstract multiple VCS .. it almost seems to good to be true so we'll have to take a look at it: http://bitbucket.org/RonnyPfannschmidt/anyvc/

= 0.8 =

Support for diff (using split buffers)

= 0.9 =

By this point I hopefully will have enough time to code a syntax parser/tokenizer for Django's template syntax or will have found find someone smart enough to do it.

= 1.0 =

Finally we have a full fledged & integrated Django editor :) Next version until 2.0 are only bug fixing, code refactoring/cleanup and minor feature additions.

= 2.0 =

Who knows..